New fixes in Nordic, M5Stick and STM B-L475E (#66)
AVSystem/developer-zone: docs/Anjay_integrations/Anjay_Nordic_integration/nRF9160.md

    3. In the **Device credentials** step:
         - In the **Device ID** enter your board endpoint name, e.g. `test_device`.
             ![Device credentials step](images/add_mgmt_quick.png "Device credentials step")
         - In the **Security mode** section, select the **PSK (Pre-Shared Key)** mode:

>               - In the **Key identity** field, type `test_device`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              - In the **Key identity** field, type the same name as in the `Endpoint name` field
```

Reviewer: Or remove this section completely, because the Key identity field is filled automatically.

    config  :Configure Anjay params
    ```

    !!! tip
        To show available subcommands, use the **Tab** key.

0. Optionally, change the default credentials by following the instructions in the program.
    ![Anjay configuration](images/anjay_config.png "Anjay configuration")

0. After changing credentials go to Coiote DM and refresh data:

>     ![Registered device](images/registered_device.png "Registered device")

Reviewer: It's worth mentioning to "Use the `anjay start` command to run the Client"
